{
    "title": "SPX3000 - Sun Joe Pressure Joe 2030 PSI 1.76 GPM 14.5-Amp Electric Pressure Washer (2016-2017)",
    "description": "Access the Sun Joe SPX3000 \n\nTHIS ELECTRIC PRESSURE WASHER GETS YOUR DIRTY WORK DONE. The Pressure Joe SPX3000 pressure washer delivers it all to tackle a variety of cleaning tasks: homes, buildings, RV\u2019s, cars, trucks, boats, decks, driveways, patios, lawn equipment, and more.\n \nOUR BEST-SELLING PRESSURE WASHER,THE SPX3000 COMBINES POWER, PERFORMANCE, AND VERSATILITY. This pressure washer packs a powerful punch with its 1800-Watt\/14.5-amp motor. The Pressure Joe SPX3000 electric pressure washer generates up to 2030 PSI of water pressure and 1.76 GPM of water flow for maximum cleaning power. Remove tar and grease from concrete, heavy mildew stains, oil stains, rust from steel, caked mud on equipment, and other stubborn gunk and grime.\n \nTHIS ELECTRIC PRESSURE WASHER CONSISTENTLY BEATS OTHER PRESSURE WASHERS IN A SIDE-BY-SIDE PERFORMANCE COMPARISON. Equipped with a dual detergent tank system, the Pressure Joe SPX3000 pressure washer carries and stores two different types of detergent simultaneously in its two 0.9 L onboard, removable detergent tanks. Conveniently switch between different detergents with its detergent selection dial and blast away all sorts of grime. This pressure washer features a 34-inch extension spray wand to access hard-to-reach areas, such as 2-story buildings and the undersides of automotive vehicles and lawn equipment. Plus, its rear wheels provide easy portability around your yard.\n \nTHIS VERSATILE PRESSURE WASHER IS YOUR ULTIMATE DIRT FIGHTER. This pressure washer lets you tailor the pressure output of the spray to your cleaning need with Pressure Joe\u2019s five Quick-Connect spray nozzles (0\u00ba, 15\u00ba, 25\u00ba, 40\u00ba and soap). Interchange nozzles to quickly go from a high-pressure 0\u00b0 pencil point jet to a low-pressure 40\u00b0 fan spray or apply detergent to the cleaning surface with the soap nozzle for additional cleaning power. Other features on the SPX3000 electric pressure washer include a 20-foot high pressure hose, 35-foot power cord, garden hose adaptor, and a TSS (Total Stop System) trigger that automatically shuts off the pump when the trigger is not engaged to save energy and prolong pump life.  The SPX3000 pressure washer comes with a full two-year warranty and is CSA listed.",
    "videoid": "85250320",
    "date_created": "1486079098",
    "date_modified": "1490123474",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/spx3000-sun-joe-pressure-joe-2030-psi-1-76-gpm-14-5-amp-electric-pressure-washer-2016-2017\/85250320"
}