{
    "title": "Proheat 2X Revolution Pet - Carpet Nightmare Test with Jeni Bond",
    "description": "Outcleans the Leading Rental*\n\nTackle your toughest pet messes with the BISSELL ProHeat 2X Revolution Pet Carpet Cleaner.  Dual DirtLifter\u00ae PowerBrushes combined with HeatWave Technology\u00ae work to remove dirt and stains from your carpet.  Now you don't have to rent a deep cleaner from a store to refresh your carpets and it's easy to store at home.  The ProHeat 2X\u00ae Revolution\u2122 offers multiple cleaning modes to fit your needs.  In Deep Clean Mode, The ProHeat 2X\u00ae Revolution\u2122 Pet outcleans the leading rental machine*.  When using Express Clean Mode, your carpet dries in about an hour,** so you don't have to stay off of your floors all day long.  Tackle tough pet stains with ease using the Pet Stain tool.  Plus, the attached hose and tools make it easy to clean stairs, upholstery, and hard-to-reach areas.\n\n    Adjustable Cleaning Modes...Lets you customize your clean. Deep Clean Mode for cleaning your toughest pet stains and Express Clean Mode for quick clean-ups.\n    Powerful cleaning in Deep Clean Mode that outcleans the leading rental.*\n    Quick and Easy cleaning that dries in about an hour using Express Clean Mode** so you and your pets can get back to your floors\n    Lightweight design and low-profile foot make it easy to maneuver around and under furniture\n    Included bottle of Deep Clean + Antibacterial Formula cleans and controls odor causing bacteria.\n\n*Deep Clean Mode - Using BISSELL Professional Formula.  Based upon measurements of color reflectance and brightness of carpet fibers compared to the leading rental with their best selling formula.\n\n**Express Clean Mode - Tested on new carpet with protectant.  Results may vary.",
    "videoid": "85307114",
    "date_created": "1486517825",
    "date_modified": "1491596931",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/proheat-2x-revolution-pet-carpet-nightmare-test-with-jeni-bond\/85307114"
}