{
    "title": "iON16LM - Sun Joe iON 40-Volt Cordless 16-Inch Lawn Mower w\/ Brushless Motor - Live Demo",
    "description": "Access the iON16LM Sun Joe 40-Volt Cordless 16-Inch Lawn Mower\n\nMow Power to Ya! Ditch the gas, oil, noxious fumes, pull-cords, and extension cords and meet the newest addition to the iON tool series - the Sun Joe\u00ae iON16LM cordless lawn mower! Powered by the same rechargeable 40 V EcoSharp battery system, the iON16LM utilizes the most advanced lithium-ion technology to deliver up to 40 minutes of whisper-quiet runtime with zero carbon emissions for cleaner air. This cordless dynamo is also engineered with a powerful brushless motor for increased battery efficiency, optimal motor performance and extended motor life (up to 2000 hours!) to keep your iON mowing strong season after season.\n\n\nIdeal for small to mid-sized lawns, the iON16LM starts instantly with a simple push of a button and its ergonomic handle maximizes user comfort during use. Its compact design features rugged front and rear all-terrain wheels that make it easy to maneuver in tight spaces. Quickly adjust the cutting height of your grass with the 6-position height adjustment lever, which tailors cutting heights from 1.18 inches up to 3.15 inches. The 9.25-gallon grass bag conveniently detaches to dispose of grass clippings. \n\nThe iON16LM is backed by a full two-year warranty, is ETL approved, and Energy Star certified. GET EQUIPPED this spring with the Sun Joe\u00ae iON16LM -- the easy, convenient and cord-free way to care for your lawn.",
    "videoid": "25995287",
    "date_created": "1453948390",
    "date_modified": "1491354130",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/ion16lm-sun-joe-ion-40-volt-cordless-16-inch-lawn-mower-w-brushless-motor-live-demo\/25995287"
}