{
    "title": "Dr. Brown's Bottle Warmer",
    "description": "The Dr. Brown's Bottle warmer features a new electric steam warming system is the quick and healthy way to warm baby's bottle or food.\n\nElectric steam heat that quickly warms baby bottles and food jars. This convenient electric steam warming system fits ALL Dr. Brown\u2019s\u00ae bottles and most other bottle brands. Easy to use and operate, this unit effectively warms several bottles before water refilling is necessary. An easy-to-use programmable LCD Control Panel features an easy-touch keypad plus a one-button start function. Audio and visual alerts let you know when warming cycle is complete. Automatically shuts off after eight minutes plus features a cycle memory to repeat preferred heating time. Adjustable basket fits different sized bottles.  \n\nEasy, Efficient Warming\nUtilizing convenient electric steam heat, this easy-to-use unit effectively warms several bottles before water refilling is necessary.\n\nEasy To Operate\nAn easy-to-use, programmable LCD Control Panel features an easy-touch keypad plus a one-button start function. Audio and visual alerts let you know when warming cycle is complete. \n\nThe Perfect Fit\nDesigned for baby bottles and food jars, this unit features an adjustable basket that fits all Dr. Brown\u2019s\u00ae bottles and most other bottle brands. \n\nAutomatic Memory Features\nFor safety and convenience, this bottle warmer automatically shuts off after eight minutes and features a cycle memory to repeat preferred heating time.",
    "videoid": "85582123",
    "date_created": "1488223853",
    "date_modified": "1490125091",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/dr-brown-s-bottle-warmer\/85582123"
}