{
    "title": "iON16CS - Sun Joe iON 40-Volt Cordless 16\" Chain Saw - Live Demo",
    "description": "Access the Sun Joe  iON16CS Cordless Chain Saw here: http:\/\/www.snowjoe.com\/Sun-Joe-iON-40-Volt-Cordless-16-Inch-Chain-Saw-with-Brushless-Motor-iON16CS\n\nCut off. Tackle tough cutting jobs with the newest addition to the iON tool series \u2013 the Sun Joe\u00ae iON16CS cordless chain saw! Powered by the same interchangeable 40 V EcoSharp\u00ae lithium-ion battery system utilized by the other iON tools, the iON16CS delivers up to 40 minutes of whisper-quiet run-time with zero carbon emissions for cleaner air. This cordless dynamo is also engineered with a powerful 600 W brushless motor for increased battery efficiency, optimal motor performance and extended motor life to keep your iON chain saw sawing strong season after season. Ideal for cutting thick limbs, firewood, logs and branches, the iON chain saw starts instantly with a simple push of a button and its lightweight, ergonomic design (only 12.8 lbs!) maximizes user comfort during use. Featuring a self-lubricating 16-inch Oregon cutting bar and chain, the iON chain saw can easily saw through the most stubborn tree limbs, up to 14.6-inches thick! And, its tool-less chain adjustment system makes operation virtually maintenance free! Safety features include a hand guard with kickback brake, a protective sheath for safe blade storage, and a built-in safety switch to prevent accidental starting. Backed by a full 2-year warranty and marked with the ETL and Energy Star seal of approval, the Sun Joe\u00ae iON16CS 40-volt 16-inch cordless chain saw makes it easy to GET EQUIPPED\u00ae for a variety of outdoor cutting chores.",
    "videoid": "85249977",
    "date_created": "1486061349",
    "date_modified": "1490123460",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/ion16cs-sun-joe-ion-40-volt-cordless-16-chain-saw-live-demo\/85249977"
}