{
    "title": "How This Machine Makes Dehydration Easy: Tribest Sedona Combo, SD-P9150-B Rawfood Dehydrator",
    "description": "The Sedona Combo Rawfood Dehydrator comes packed with outstanding features like the digital thermostat, dual fan technology, stainless steel handle, and a transparent glass door. These features combine to offer unparalleled control and whisper-quiet operation. With the revolutionary Two-Stage Sequential Temperature-Timer (TST), even more control is at your fingertips. The TST allows you to set the Sedona Combo to kickstart the dehydration process at a higher temperature and then automatically lower the temperature to finish off the dehydration process. The automatic settings of the TST allow for faster dehydration times while still preserving your precious enzymes. Certain fruits and vegetables with high water contents require a higher initial dehydrating temperature in order to prevent fermentation. Because of the high water content, the internal temperature of the food rises at a very slow rate. Starting at a high temperature for the first couple of hours does not degrade the precious nutrients of your food as long as the temperature is lowered to finish off the dehydration process. You used to have to set an alarm to remind yourself to come back to your dehydrator to lower the temperature. With the TST, this chore is handled automatically.\n \nCertain fruits and vegetables with high water contents require a higher initial dehydrating temperature in order to prevent fermentation. Because of the high water content, the internal temperature of the food rises at a very slow rate. Starting at a high temperature for the first couple of hours does not degrade the precious nutrients of your food as long as the temperature is lowered to finish off the dehydration process. You used to have to set an alarm to remind yourself to come back to your dehydrator to lower the temperature. With the TST, this chore is handled automatically.\nWith the Sedona Combo Dehydrator, spend less time worrying and more time living.",
    "videoid": "85375324",
    "date_created": "1487027081",
    "date_modified": "1487034256",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-this-machine-makes-dehydration-easy-tribest-sedona-combo-sd-p9150-b-rawfood-dehydrator\/85375324"
}