{
    "title": "Straw Cup - Dr. Brown's Baby's First Straw Cup",
    "description": "Designed to help baby transition from bottle to cup, this spill-proof straw cup features a soft, flexible straw that allows your baby to drink while holding this cup at any angle. Helping your little one learn to use a straw and designed with handles that are easy for little hands to hold, the cup also features these benefits:\n\n\u2022 Spill-proof and travel safe with handles that are easy for little hands to hold\n\u2022 Attached lid stays open when baby drinks and keeps straw clean when not in use\n\u2022 Easy to use, easy to clean and dishwasher safe\n\u2022 Straw cleaning brush included\n\u2022 Available in 9 oz\/270 ml size\n\u2022 BPA free\n\nExpanded Description\nDesigned to help baby transition from bottle to cup, this spill-proof straw cup features a soft, flexible straw that allows your baby to drink while holding this cup at any angle. Helping your little one learn to use a straw and designed with handles that are easy for little hands to hold, the cup features an attached lid that stays open when baby drinks and keeps straw clean when not in use. Perfect for travel, Baby\u2019s First Straw Cup is easy to use, easy to clean and dishwasher safe. Also includes a straw cleaning brush. Available in 9 oz\/270 ml size. BPA free. \n \nHelps Baby Transition From Bottle To Cup\nCup handles are easy to grip and feel like a bottle to little hands whiles helping your baby transition from bottle to cup. \n\nSpill Proof And Travel Safe\nPerfect for travel, this spill-proof cup features a soft, flexible straw that allows your baby to drink while in a reclined position. \n\nConvenient Attached Lid\nThe cup features an attached lid that stays open when baby drinks and keeps straw clean when not in use.\n\nEasy To Clean\nFor cleaning convenience, this cup is dishwasher safe and a straw cleaning brush is also included. \n\nDr. Brown\u2019s Baby\u2019s First Straw Cup is part of a complete family of products that grows with your baby, including bottle accessories, breastfeeding products, pacifiers, teethers, cups, solid feeding, and baby care.",
    "videoid": "85582118",
    "date_created": "1488223820",
    "date_modified": "1490125071",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/straw-cup-dr-brown-s-baby-s-first-straw-cup\/85582118"
}