{
    "title": "ProHeat 2X\u00ae Revolution\u2122 Pet Pro Carpet Cleaner - Commercial 3",
    "description": "Every pet makes a mess. Whether it's tracked-in mud, food spills, or even accidents, the BISSELL\u00ae ProHeat 2X\u00ae Revolution\u2122 Pet Pro Carpet Cleaner handles tough pet messes thanks to the exclusive Pet Pro clean-up system. The system includes CleanShot\u00ae concentrated pre-treater to remove spots and stains; the 2-in-1 Pet Upholstery Tool to remove pet hair, stains, and odors from upholstery; a trial size BISSELL\u00ae Professional Pet Urine Eliminator + Oxy; and an EZ Clean Brush Roll Cover to make maintenance of the machine easy. Plus Deep Clean Mode offers powerful cleaning to outclean the leading rental,* and carpets dry in about an hour with Express Clean Mode.** All of this cleaning power comes in a lightweight and maneuverable machine with a low-profile foot that gets under furniture. With the BISSELL\u00ae ProHeat 2X\u00ae Revolution Pet Pro, you have everything you need to take on tough pet messes.\n\nProHeat 2X\u00ae Revolution\u2122 Pet Pro Carpet Cleaner CleanShot\u00ae Pretreater - Integrated pretreater for attacking spots and stains.\n3-in-1 Stair ToolFree with bundle purchase. This versatile 3-way tool sprays, scrubs and suctions up dirt and stains from the outer curves, corners and treads of carpeted staircases.\nCleanShot\u00ae Pretreater - Integrated pretreater for attacking spots and stains.\n\nAdjustable Cleaning Mode - Dries in about an hour with Express Clean Mode** so you can get back to your floors.\nProfessional Pet Urine Eliminator + Oxy Formula - Removes even the toughest pet stains and odors. Removes pet urine and even skunk odor!\n\n5-year limited warranty.\n\n*Deep Clean Mode - Using BISSELL Professional Pet Urine Eliminator + Oxy Formula. Based upon measurements of color reflectance and brightness of carpet fibers compared to the leading rental with their best selling formula.\n\n**Express Clean Mode - Tested on new carpet with protectant. Results may vary.",
    "videoid": "87666327",
    "date_created": "1492188970",
    "date_modified": "1492189134",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/proheat-2x-revolution-pet-pro-carpet-cleaner-commercial-3\/87666327"
}