{
    "title": "Dr. Brown's Insulated Training Cups",
    "description": "Hard-Spout Insulated Cup\nPerfect for developing your little one\u2019s sipping skills \u2013 even on the go. Durable, lightweight and designed to keep drinks fresh and cool, this 10-ounce insulated cup is perfect for a little guy or gal who is in constant motion. Features a spill-proof hard spout with a one-piece silicone valve in place to develop your toddler\u2019s sippy cup abilities, without having to deal with messy cleanups. Eye-catching, kid-friendly graphics make using this cup fun and exciting.\n\nSpoutless Insulated Cup\nThe easy way for little ones to transition from sippy cups to open cups.  Durable, lightweight and designed to keep drinks fresh and cool, this 10-ounce insulated cup is perfect for helping a little guy or gal transition to a grownup-style cup. Features a spoutless rim that is spill-proof with the one-piece silicone valve in place. Eye-catching, kid-friendly graphics make using this cup fun and exciting.\n\nInsulated Straw Sport Cup\nThe perfect way for little ones to enjoy fresh and cool drinks on the go. Durable and lightweight, this 10-ounce insulated cup is easy to handle and provides liquid refreshment to your little ones as they transition to a grownup-style cup. Features a super-soft silicone straw plus an attached lid that stays open when your toddler drinks, and keeps the straw clean when not in use.",
    "videoid": "85582124",
    "date_created": "1488223860",
    "date_modified": "1490125096",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/dr-brown-s-insulated-training-cups\/85582124"
}