{
    "title": "Kristen Bell Provides Parenting Advice for \u201cThe Talk\u201d With Your Kids | NEUTROGENA\u00ae",
    "description": "Kristen Bell shares that it is never too early to have the dreaded \u201ctalk\u201d with your kids. What\u2019s one of her parenting tips to start the conversation about protection? Showcase safety firsthand. But as an over-protective mother, she does have the inclination to use scare tactics with statistics as a first line of defense.\n\nTalking to your kids about protection can have a profound impact on their life, and when they learn about protection at a young age, it can decrease their likelihood of future bad habits. Skin health conversations can also help them to have a healthy relationship with the sun, not be afraid of it. \n\nSo how does Kristen start the conversation? By putting sunscreen on in front of her children every, single day. Why? Because the best way to educate others on sun safety and the proper application of sunscreen is by showing them. \n\nNeutrogena\u00ae will donate one dollar for every video share* to the Children\u2019s Melanoma Prevention Foundation, a non-profit educational organization, committed to preventing skin cancer, one child at a time, through comprehensive sun safety and melanoma awareness programs.",
    "videoid": "66104023",
    "date_created": "1464324043",
    "date_modified": "1490061400",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/kristen-bell-provides-parenting-advice-for-the-talk-with-your-kids-neutrogena\/66104023"
}