{
    "title": "How to remove, wash and attach the BABYBJ\u00d6RN Travel Crib Light fabric \u2013 tutorial.mp4",
    "description": "Watch our video tutorial on how to remove, wash and attach the BABYBJ\u00d6RN Travel Crib Light fabric. Both the mattress cover and crib fabric can be easily removed and washed in the machine. \n\nHow to wash the travel crib: \nCrib fabric: Machine wash, warm (40\u00b0C). Do not tumble dry.\nMattress cover: Machine wash, hot (60\u00b0C).\nMattress: Do not machine wash.\n\nWash separately with a gentle, bleach-free detergent. The Travel Crib Light should be set up when you put the fabric back on. \n\nOther BABYBJ\u00d6RN video tutorials: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/playlist?list=PLHBhWZtwR_ZhsplUpc5vCSdLzHAUFvKdu&playnext=1\n\nBABYBJ\u00d6RN Travel Crib Light is easy to carry, easy to use. \n\n\u2022 Simple to set up and fold up. Open the case, lift out the travel crib and set it up in one movement. There are no loose parts to attach. The legs unfold automatically and once you have placed the mattress in the crib you have a stable crib to use at home or on trips. \n\n\u2022 Easy to take with you. The travel crib only weighs 13 lb\/6 kg. It\u2019s easy to move around once it\u2019s set up, and the case\u2019s well-conceived design makes the travel crib easy to store, carry and stow in any baggage space \u2013 perfect for all kinds of journeys.\n\n\u2022 Soft and comfy mattress. The travel crib comes with a soft and comfy mattress that makes it a cozy place for your baby to sleep. The mattress has a built-in base that keeps the lightweight travel crib standing firmly on the floor so your child can always sleep safely.\n\n\u2022 A natural part of everyday life. The lightweight and cleverly designed travel crib is perfect for both small and great adventures. It\u2019s as ideal for paying a short visit to a friend\u2019s home as it is for longer journeys. You can also use the travel crib as a comfy extra crib at home.\n\nLearn more about the Travel Crib Light: https:\/\/www.babybjorn.com\/baby-cradle-and-travel-crib\/travel-crib-light\/\n\n\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\nFor more video tutorials on how to use BABYBJ\u00d6RN products, see our playlist BABYBJ\u00d6RN Video Tutorials here: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/playlist?list=PLHBhWZtwR_ZhsplUpc5vCSdLzHAUFvKdu&playnext=1\n\nFind more BABYBJ\u00d6RN videos on the Official BABYBJ\u00d6RN YouTube Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/babybjorn1961 \n\nVisit us at: http:\/\/www.babybjorn.com",
    "videoid": "137390818",
    "date_created": "1515787748",
    "date_modified": "1515789528",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-to-remove-wash-and-attach-the-babybj\u00d6rn-travel-crib-light-fabric-tutorial-mp4\/137390818"
}