{
    "title": "INSTYLER MAX",
    "description": "The InStyler MAX Rotating Hot Iron is a styling and straightening tool unlike any other. With the InStyler MAX's patented design, you can easily control the direction of the rotating barrel for MAXIMUM performance.  With the barrel rotating toward the end of the hair you MAXIMIZE the smoothing and polishing action of the motorized barrel. Your hair won't get flattened and baked like the extremely intense heat of a flat iron or other \"hot\" tool. The InStyler MAX uses less heat than traditional hot tools, and delivers better results. The secret lies in its 2-way rotating heated polishing cylinder, tourmaline ceramic floating plate and four rows of precision-aligned bristles. The 1 1\/4 inches barrel size creates incredible volume and loose curls and waves. The smaller 3\/4 inches barrel size is great for shorter hair, creating tight curls and bangs, as well as styling closer to the root.\n\n\nPRODUCT HIGHLIGHTS:\nStraight sleek styles, soft curls and beachy waves\n2-way heated rotating barrel smoothes and polishes as it styles\nBlack tourmaline ceramic plate smoothens without crushing, flattening or damaging hair\nFour heat settings up to 425 degrees Fahrenheit\n30 second rapid heat-up and auto safety shut-off\n\nINSIDER TIPS:\nTo change the barrel direction, close the InStyler MAX twice quickly to change the rotation direction for maximum performance when styling. To change the barrel direction, close the InStyler MAX twice quickly to change the rotation direction for maximum performance when styling.",
    "videoid": "87552584",
    "date_created": "1491249373",
    "date_modified": "1491347492",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/instyler-max\/87552584"
}