{
    "title": "George Foreman Evolve Grill Recipes | How to Make Quick and Easy Blueberry Muffins",
    "description": "Make your mornings extra special with these easy-to-make, homemade Blueberry Muffins on your George Foreman Evolve Grill! They're perfect for breakfast or brunch.\n\nBlueberry Muffins\n\nPrep Time: 10 minutes\nCooking Time: 45 minutes\nTotal Time: 55 minutes\nServings: 16\n\nIngredients:\n1 \u00be cups flour\n1\/3 cup sugar\n2 tsp. baking powder\n\u00bc tsp. salt\n1 egg, beaten\n\u00be cup milk\n\u00bc cup cooking oil\n1 tsp. vanilla\n\u00be cup blueberries\n1 tsp. lemon zest\n\nDirections:\n1. Preheat the Evolve Grill to 400\u00b0 and grease the muffin pan.\n2. In a medium size bowl, whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Set aside.\n3. In a small bowl, whisk together the egg, milk, oil and vanilla.\n4. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and pour in the wet ingredients. Mix together until combined. The batter will be thick.\n5. Fold in the blueberries and lemon zest.\n6. Fill the muffin pan 2\/3 full with batter and place in the baking dish. Bake for 13-15 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean. Place on a wire rack to cool.\n7. Repeat with the remaining batter.\n8. Serve warm with butter.",
    "videoid": "91363467",
    "date_created": "1494614840",
    "date_modified": "1494615248",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/george-foreman-evolve-grill-recipes-how-to-make-quick-and-easy-blueberry-muffins\/91363467"
}