{
    "title": "INSTYLER WET TO DRY",
    "description": "You can now skip blow-drying your hair and still get that amazing blowout look! The InStyler Wet to Dry dries hair by whisking water out of the hair strands. As the water travels up the rotating barrel, it is vented away safely and quickly without any damage to your hair. It does this as you style resulting in significantly less styling time! Use a towel to get your hair as dry as possible before you begin. Glide the InStyler slowly down your hair once to dry and once to style. Go Slowly! The InStyler works best if you glide it through your hair slowly. Listen for the Crackle! If you hear a little crackling, that means the moisture is evaporating properly from the barrel and not in your hair.\n\nStraightening:\n\nThe InStyler Wet to Dry will straighten even the toughest, most coarse hair and still get fullness and style without the stick-straight 'flatness' of a flat iron. Position the InStyler so the barrel side is next to your scalp. Starting at the roots, close the InStyler onto a 1 to 3 inch section of hair. Slowly glide the InStyler down to the ends of your hair. Go slowly - Take your time! Let the InStyler work its magic!\n\nCurling:\n\nCurl your hair by wrapping it around the rotating polishing cylinder. Carefully wrap a section of hair around the barrel. Close the InStyler and rotate your wrist to ensure the ends of your hair are included. Let the InStyler rotate for five to ten seconds. Open the unit and let the hair fall from the barrel.\n\nInsider Tips:\n\nThe InStyler will create beautiful blow out flips in seconds! You can flip your ends in or out by simply allowing the barrel to rotate for three to five seconds on the ends of your hair. Give flat hair an extra volume boost by applying the barrel of your InStyler to your roots! You can create extra body and volume on the sides and back of the head, as well as additional height to your bangs.",
    "videoid": "87479818",
    "date_created": "1490656158",
    "date_modified": "1491347492",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/instyler-wet-to-dry\/87479818"
}