{
    "title": "Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner - Cleaning & Storing",
    "description": "Learn how to clean and store your Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner. The Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner penetrates the fibers of your carpet deeply, delivering the ultimate long-lasting clean. The Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner has 75% more suction compared to leading comparable upright deep carpet cleaners. See the difference for yourself by buying a Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner today! \n\nCleaning your Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner after each use can help provide more consistent cleaning and provide the life of your machine. After you have used your Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner, follow these easy steps for quick clean up and storage of your machine. First, turn off the machine by pressing the power swtich to the off setting. Unplug the power cord from the outlet, and wrap it around the rotating cord hooks. If necessary, empty the clean water tank, rinse, and replace on the machine. Empty the waste water tank, rinse, clean, and dry before placing back on the machine. The wide opening lid on the waste water tank is designed to fit your hand inside to thoroughly clean, rinse, and dry to store a fresh and clean tank. Be sure to let the machine brushes dry before putting the machine away. Move the machine to a closet or storage space. Use the handle release lever to collapse the handle for convenient and compact storage.",
    "videoid": "87708015",
    "date_created": "1492533362",
    "date_modified": "1492537137",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/rug-doctor-deep-carpet-cleaner-cleaning-storing\/87708015"
}