{
    "title": "iHome iCVBT5&7",
    "description": "6\" Double-sided Vanity Mirror with Bluetooth Audio \/ Speakerphone and USB Charging\n\nLook your best while enjoying your favorite music anywhere you like. The distortion free mirror has a 1x and 5x magnification for the best beauty routine and detailed grooming. Bright LEDs with high and low settings provide natural looking light for a look that's right in any situation. Stream audio wirelessly via Bluetooth from your mobile device (iPad, iPhone, iPod touch, Android, Windows smartphones). Built-in mic, digital voice echo cancellation and answer and end controls make speakerphone use a pleasure. USB port to charge mobile devices. Aux jack with included audio cable connects to most audio devices so you can enjoy your favorite music while getting ready. The bright LEDs and audio work independently while operating on the included AC adaptor\n\n\n\nPortable \/ Rechargeable 9\" Double-sided Vanity Mirror with Bluetooth \/ Speakerphone and USB Charging\n\nLook your best while enjoying your favorite music anywhere you like. USB port to charge mobile devices as you prepare for your day. The distortion free mirror has a 1x and 7x magnification for the best beauty routine and detailed grooming. Bright LEDs with high and low settings provide natural looking light for a look that's right in any situation. Stream audio wirelessly via Bluetooth from your mobile device. Built-in mic, digital voice echo cancellation and answer and end controls make speakerphone use a pleasure. Aux jack with included audio cable connects to most audio devices so you can enjoy your favorite music while getting ready. The bright LEDs and audio work independently while operating on internal rechargeable battery or AC adaptor",
    "videoid": "89126851",
    "date_created": "1493683128",
    "date_modified": "1493743996",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/ihome-icvbt5-7\/89126851"
}