{
    "title": "The Smart Countertop Garden -  AeroGarden Harvest Elite",
    "description": "Now you can garden year round with the Miracle-Gro AeroGarden.  Grow fresh herbs, vegetables, salad greens, flowers and more! The AeroGarden is a soil-free indoor gardening system that grows plants 5 times faster than soil. And with a beautiful, stainless steel finish, it will look great on your countertop. \n\nThe AeroGarden Harvest Elite comes with a choice of 5 different seed kits that will bring fresh herbs, salad greens, flowers or vegetables to your counter. The easy-to-use Control Panel automatically creates optimal conditions for your plants by turning the lights on and off and reminding you when to add water and our Specially Formulated Liquid Plant Food.\n\nThe AeroGarden Harvest Elite comes with a lighting system that provides high-performance, energy-efficient 20 Watt LED lighting for plants. This garden tailors the light spectrum for optimal growth, concentrating daylight white LEDs for fast growth, blue LEDs for bigger yields, and red LEDs for more flowers and fruit.\n\nThe AeroGarden Harvest Elite sets up in minutes. Just insert the Seed Pods in your garden, add water and nutrients, and then watch it grow! It's as easy as 1-2-3! Now you can garden indoors, year \u2018round and its Guaranteed to Grow!",
    "videoid": "80344231",
    "date_created": "1479329840",
    "date_modified": "1491507465",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/the-smart-countertop-garden-aerogarden-harvest-elite\/80344231"
}