{
    "title": "How to Clean Walls Like Magic: Almost like a new paint job! | Mr. Clean\u00ae",
    "description": "Cleaning walls in your home can make it feel like like a new paint job! And Mr. Clean\u00ae is no wallflower when it comes to knowing how to clean painted walls or how to get permanent marker off walls. His Magic Eraser Extra Durable is the quick and easy way to remove scuffmarks, grime and dirt. Whether you have kids bouncing off the walls and leaving greasy fingerprints, or simply have a buildup of grime no you know how to clean white walls, blue walls, or walls of any color like magic. It\u2019s wall-to-wall proof that there\u2019s no clean like Mr. Clean.\n\nThis Mr. Clean tutorial video is about how to clean walls in three simple and easy steps using the Mr. Clean Magic Eraser.\n\nTest a small area with light pressure before use. Not recommended for the following surfaces: high gloss, polished, dark, brushed, satin, faux, bare\/polished wood, copper, stainless steel appliances, non-stick coating or vehicle body. Rinse required for surfaces in direct contact with food. Do not use with chlorine bleach or other household cleaners. Do not use on skin or other body parts. Using on skin will likely cause abrasions. Avoid contact with eyes. May cause eye irritation. Keep out of reach of toddlers and pets to avoid accidental ingestion.",
    "videoid": "85481099",
    "date_created": "1487894712",
    "date_modified": "1487895829",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-to-clean-walls-like-magic-almost-like-a-new-paint-job-mr-clean\/85481099"
}