{
    "title": "Dr Browns Options Baby Bottle - Reviews - What Moms Say Testimonial",
    "description": "Introducing Dr. Brown\u2019s Options baby bottle: The market\u2019s first convertible bottle that can be used with or without the vent system. The new vent system is designed to grow with baby, and we recommend using this system to experience all the health benefits of our bottle. It helps reduce feeding problems, helps digestion and helps preserve vitamins. Some moms and dads find removing the vent a convenient option as their baby's feeding becomes more developed. The nipple venting creates a paced flow, and provides a feeding experience similar to most nipple-vented bottles. Options bottles fit most breast pumps, and are BPA-free and made in the USA. \n\nWith the vent, benefits include:\n\u2022 Helps reduce feeding problems \u2013 Our bottles are known for reducing colic, spit-up, burping and gas\n\u2022 Proven to help preserve bottle milk nutrients \u2013 Vitamins C, A, and E are critical for health in infancy\n\u2022 Vacuum-free feeding helps digestion \u2013 Good digestion is essential for babies, particularly newborns\n\u2022 Fully-vented bottle design \u2013 Closest to breastfeeding\n\u2022 Internal Vent System and silicone nipple work together \u2013 Controlled flow so babies feed at their own pace\n\nSome parents find removing the vent a convenient option when they:\n\u2022 Have a baby whose feeding becomes more developed\n\u2022 Want the convenience of a nipple-vented bottle\n\n\nThe Power Of Choice\nThis innovative bottle effectively and efficiently covers all parents\u2019 needs. Dr. Brown\u2019s Options grows with the needs of your baby and offers healthy benefits whether your little one is experiencing feeding challenges or not. Options gives you the power of choice.\n\nHappy feeding.",
    "videoid": "85582129",
    "date_created": "1488223908",
    "date_modified": "1490125123",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/dr-browns-options-baby-bottle-reviews-what-moms-say-testimonial\/85582129"
}