{
    "title": "How to use the bouncer as a children\u2019s chair \u2013 tutorial",
    "description": "Watch our video tutorial on how to turn the fabric seat to turn our baby bouncer into a children\u2019s chair for when your child is able to sit unaided. \n\nOther BABYBJ\u00d6RN video tutorials: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=vXpa5GGTN_o&list=PLHBhWZtwR_ZhsplUpc5vCSdLzHAUFvKdu\n\nOur baby bouncers are ergonomic with natural rocking. \n\n\u2022 Folds flat and portable. Lightweight and portable at home, but also folds flat when you\u2019re on the go. Three different positions: play, rest and sleep.\n\n\u2022 Natural bouncing. Gentle, natural bouncing created by you or your child. No batteries or cords are needed, and the baby bouncer makes no noise.\n\n\u2022 Long period of use. Use the baby bouncer from newborn and up to the age of 2 years. Once your child has learned to sit unaided, you can turn the fabric around and use it as a comfortable children\u2019s chair.\n\n\u2022 Ergonomic baby bouncer. Ergonomic baby bouncer with support for a baby\u2019s back, neck and head. The fitted fabric seat molds itself to your child\u2019s body and evenly distributes their weight. This gives your child good support, which is particularly important for young babies whose muscles are not yet fully developed.\n\n\u2022 Happy children, happy parents. While your baby plays happily or rests safely, you get a chance to take a shower or prepare a meal. The fun bouncing also helps your baby to develop their balance and motor skills.\n\nLearn more about our baby bouncers: https:\/\/www.babybjorn.com\/baby-bouncers\/\n\n\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\nFor more video tutorials on how to use BABYBJ\u00d6RN products, see our playlist BABYBJ\u00d6RN Video Tutorials here: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=vXpa5GGTN_o&list=PLHBhWZtwR_ZhsplUpc5vCSdLzHAUFvKdu\n\nFind more BABYBJ\u00d6RN videos on the Official BABYBJ\u00d6RN YouTube Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/babybjorn1961 \n\nVisit us at: http:\/\/www.babybjorn.com",
    "videoid": "137390819",
    "date_created": "1515787750",
    "date_modified": "1516037386",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/videoplayback-13-mp4\/137390819"
}