{
    "title": "You Can Even- CURLY CROWN BRAID - Garnier Fructis Style",
    "description": "Keep your curls looking polished (and out of your face!) with this headband braid.\n\nStep One: Use your comb to create a deep side part on whichever side you prefer. To condition and prep hair for easier braiding, spray Curl Renew Reactivating Milk Spray evenly through hair and comb through. \n\nStep Two: Pull out the front part of your hair (clipping the rest of your hair back), and divide it into three equal sections.  \n\nStep Three: Start to braid by splitting the hair in the front into three sections. Then cross the front piece that\u2019s on the outside, underneath. Every time you cross under, grab more hair that\u2019s already out and then go under again. \n\nStep Four: When you\u2019re about halfway down your hair, stop braiding and secure with a ponytail holder. Then, tuck the ends of the ponytail under your hair and secure with bobby pins. \n\nStep Five: Refresh curls around the braid with Garnier Fructis Curl Nourish Butter Cream. \n\nLearn more about Fructis Style: http:\/\/www.garnierusa.com\/products\/styling.aspx\n\nFind us on Instagram! @garnierusa http:\/\/instagram.com\/garnierusa\nLike us on Facebook! https:\/\/www.facebook.com\/garnierusa\nFollow us on Twitter! @garnierusa https:\/\/twitter.com\/garnierusa",
    "videoid": "137285849",
    "date_created": "1515708552",
    "date_modified": "1515716912",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/you-can-even-curly-crown-braid-garnier-fructis-style-mp4\/137285849"
}