{
    "title": "You Can Even- SLEEK KNOT UPDO - Garnier Fructis Style",
    "description": "Pretty and polished, this low knot will have you out the door in no time.\n\nStep One: Apply Sleek & Shine Flat Iron Protector to dry hair, then flat iron hair until it\u2019s smooth and pin straight. \n\nStep Two: Part hair. Apply Sleek & Shine Anti-Humidity Hairspray to hairbrush and brush it into a smooth low ponytail at the base of your neck. \n\nStep Three: Take your finger and make a hook, pulling out a small section of hair from the base of the ponytail for later. Secure ponytail with an elastic band.\n\nStep Four: Before releasing the ponytail, make a loose loop bun at the bottom. \n \nStep Five: Next, grab the small bit of hair that is leftover and wrap it around the base of the hair - hiding the hair tie and making a sleek band of hair. Tuck any loose ends of your hair underneath the knot, and secure with bobby pins.  \n\nStep Six: Spray Sleek & Shine Anti-Humidity Hairspray all over the final look. \n\nLearn more about Fructis Style: http:\/\/www.garnierusa.com\/products\/styling.aspx\n\nFind us on Instagram! @garnierusa http:\/\/instagram.com\/garnierusa\nLike us on Facebook! https:\/\/www.facebook.com\/garnierusa\nFollow us on Twitter! @garnierusa https:\/\/twitter.com\/garnierusa",
    "videoid": "137285851",
    "date_created": "1515708568",
    "date_modified": "1515716567",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/you-can-even-sleek-knot-updo-garnier-fructis-style-mp4\/137285851"
}