{
    "title": "De'Longhi ECAM Fully Automatic Espresso\/Cappuccino Machine: How to Get Started",
    "description": "Watch for tips and tricks to get started with your new De\u2019Longhi fully automatic espresso machine. \n\nOne touch. That\u2019s all it takes to enjoy authentic espresso and cappuccino beverages at home any time. Enjoy exceptional espressos, bold cappuccinos, creamy lattes and rich macchiatos in the comfort of your home, any time day or night. With just the touch of a button, you can prepare every cup exactly to your liking \u2013 it\u2019s that easy.\n\nDiscover More about De\u2019Longhi Espresso Machines: \nUS: http:\/\/bit.ly\/2m2WW5F\n\nCanada: http:\/\/bit.ly\/2ooXy7D\n\nConnect with De\u2019Longhi North America:\nLike us on Facebook: https:\/\/www.facebook.com\/delonghinorthamerica\/\nInstagram: https:\/\/www.instagram.com\/delonghi_na\/\n\nThe Art of Espresso Made Simple:\nBeans. Milk. Steam. Three simple ingredients that, when artfully combined, make the most delicious and visually enticing collection of De\u2019Longhi espresso beverages. Discover how easily you can brew exceptional espresso beverages anytime, with De\u2019Longhi\u2019s quality espresso machines. Indulge in exceptional espressos, bold cappuccinos, creamy lattes and rich macchiatos anytime. De\u2019Longhi\u2019s espresso machines have mastered the art of espresso making for you. Compact and elegantly designed, whichever model you choose will be a welcome addition to your kitchen counter.\n\nLearn More:  http:\/\/bit.ly\/2fRjFzg\n\nMore About De\u2019Longhi \nFounded in Treviso, Italy, De\u2019Longhi has built its global reputation as a cutting-edge leader in innovation, product design, and performance. The De'Longhi brand entered the North American market in 1980 with the first ever portable radiator; transforming the home heating industry. Building on their success, the brand has continued to make strides in developing new technologies and revolutionizing the industry, becoming the #1 global brand in espresso. Today De'Longhi is an international leader in household appliances with a presence in over 45 countries and products in three main categories: espresso, specialty cooking and home comfort. After more than a century of perfecting its products, De'Longhi remains committed to creating innovations that bring convenience and style into every customers\u2019 home; making the everyday better.",
    "videoid": "137390817",
    "date_created": "1515787743",
    "date_modified": "1515790753",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/videoplayback-12-mp4\/137390817"
}