{
    "title": "OXO 22 lb Food Scale",
    "description": "http:\/\/www.oxo.com\/p-1220-22-lb-food-scale-with-pull-out-display.aspx\n\nOXO's user-friendly 22 lb Food Scale with Pull-Out Display is perfect for weighing all ingredients. Weigh items directly on the platform,on a plate or in a bowl, and pull the display away from the base to prevent shadowing from large plates and bowls. Accurately measure ingredients when cooking and baking or stick to a diet by weighing portions. An optional back light makes the display easier to read and a weight indicator shows the capacity left on the Scale before maximum capacity is reached. Press the zero button to offset the weight of a container or to set the weight back to zero so you can add additional ingredients. The display features large, easy-to-read numbers which measure in 1\/8-ounce (US) and 1-gram (metric) increments. The Scale also measures volume in mL and cups for water-based ingredients, and features a conversion chart that slides out from the body to measure other popular ingredients like flour and oil. The stainless steel platform can be removed for cleaning. The Scale has a 22-pound capacity and four AAA batteries are included.\n\nIf you have questions or comments on the Food Scales, reach out to us on Facebook: http:\/\/www.facebook.com\/OXO or Twitter: http:\/\/twitter.com\/OXO",
    "videoid": "137390742",
    "date_created": "1515783982",
    "date_modified": "1515801555",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/videoplayback-7-mp4\/137390742"
}