{
    "title": "Dr. Brown's Options Bottle - How It Works",
    "description": "Introducing Dr. Brown\u2019s Options Baby Bottle: The market\u2019s first convertible bottle that can be used with or without the vent system. The new vent system is designed to grow with baby, and we recommend using this system to experience all the health benefits of our bottle. It helps reduce feeding problems, helps digestion and helps preserve vitamins. Some moms and dads find removing the vent a convenient option as their baby\u2019s feeding becomes more developed. The nipple venting creates a paced flow, and provides a feeding experience similar to most nipple-vented bottles. Options bottles fit most breast pumps, and are BPA-free and made in the USA.\n\nWe recommend using the vent system to experience all the health benefits of our bottle\n\n\u2022 Helps reduce feeding problems\n\u2022 Helps preserve vitamins\n\u2022 Helps digestion\n\u2022 Vent and nipple create vacuum-free feeding\n\u2022 Some moms and dads find removing the vent a convenient option as their baby\u2019s feeding becomes more developed\n\n\u2022 Provides a feeding experience similar to most nipple-vented bottles\n\u2022 Nipple venting creates a paced flow\n\nThe Power Of Choice\nThis innovative bottle effectively and efficiently covers all parents\u2019 needs. Dr. Brown\u2019s Options grows with the needs of your baby and offers healthy benefits whether your little one is experiencing feeding challenges or not. Options gives you the power of choice.\n\n\u2022 Made in the USA\n\u2022 BPA Free",
    "videoid": "85582126",
    "date_created": "1488223883",
    "date_modified": "1490125104",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/dr-brown-s-options-bottle-how-it-works\/85582126"
}