{
    "title": "The Smart Countertop Garden - AeroGarden Bounty Elite",
    "description": "Garden year round with the Miracle-Gro AeroGarden.  Grow fresh herbs, vegetables, salad greens, flowers and more!  The AeroGarden is a soil-free indoor gardening system that grows plants 5 times faster than soil.  And with a beautiful, stainless steel finish, it will look great on your countertop. \n\nWith room for 9 plants and 45 Watts of LED Lighting, the AeroGarden Bounty Elite is the largest and most powerful AeroGarden to date and it has an elegant stainless steel finish. It comes with a choice of 5 different seed kits that will bring fresh herbs, salad greens, flowers or vegetables to your counter. The easy-to-use Control Panel has an interactive LCD display that utilizes on screen prompts to guide you from set up to harvest.  It automatically creates optimal conditions for your plants by turning the lights on and off and reminding you when to add water and our Specially Formulated Liquid Plant Food.\n\nThe AeroGarden Bounty Elite comes with our most powerful lighting system.  With high performance, energy efficient 45 Watt LED lighting for plants, the Bounty is the highest output AeroGarden available. This garden tailors the light spectrum to help plants thrive, concentrating daylight white LEDs for fast growth, blue LEDs for bigger yields, and red LEDs for more flowers and fruit.\n\nThe AeroGarden Bounty Elite sets up in minutes. Just insert the Seed Pods in your garden, add water and plant food, and then watch it grow!  Everything you need to start growing is included and it\u2019s as easy as 1-2-3! Now you can garden indoors, year \u2018round and it\u2019s Guaranteed to Grow!",
    "videoid": "85591142",
    "date_created": "1488322743",
    "date_modified": "1490214314",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/the-smart-countertop-garden-aerogarden-bounty-elite\/85591142"
}