{
    "title": "Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner - Quick Start Guide",
    "description": "Find out how to clean your carpet with the Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner Quick Start Cleaning Guide. The Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner penetrates the fibers of your carpet deeply, delivering an ultimate, long-lasting clean. The Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner has 75% more suction compared to leading comparable upright deep carpet cleaners. See the difference for yourself by buying a Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner today!\n\nTo begin cleaning with the Rug Doctor Deep Carpet Cleaner, start by filling the clean water tank. To remove the clean water tank, grasp the tank handle, and lift straight up. Loosen the tank lid by turning counter clockwise. Next, fill the tank with hot tap water to the clean water fill line marked on the tank. Using the tank lid to measure soap, fill the lid with Rug Doctor cleaning solution to the desired level. Pour the solution into the tank and replace the lid. Place the tank back on the Rug Doctor machine; making sure the tank is secure. Make sure the power switch is in the off position. Unwrap the power cord, and plug it in. \n\nTo begin cleaning, place the Rug Doctor machine in front of the desired cleaning area and turn the power switch to the rug setting. Next, press the Soap & Scrub button on the top of the handle while simultaneously pulling the machine slowly backward in a straight line. Release the Soap & Scrub button at the end of each pass to stop the cleaning solution. Tilt the machine back, and push it forward to start a new backward cleaning pass. For extra cleaning power, set the Super Boost Spray to on.",
    "videoid": "87708016",
    "date_created": "1492533368",
    "date_modified": "1492537154",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/rug-doctor-deep-carpet-cleaner-quick-start-guide\/87708016"
}