{
    "title": "How to roll up BABYBJ\u00d6RN Baby Carrier One \u2013 option 2 tutorial",
    "description": "Watch our video tutorial on how to roll up BABYBJ\u00d6RN Baby Carrier One to fit it under your stroller or in your diaper bag so that it\u2019s always at the ready! \n\nLearn another simple way to roll up the Baby Carrier One in this video tutorial: https:\/\/youtu.be\/5qEerO4URvo?list=PLHBhWZtwR_ZhsplUpc5vCSdLzHAUFvKdu\n\nBABYBJ\u00d6RN Baby Carrier One \u2013 Ergonomic 4-way front and back baby carrier\n\n\u2022 The ultimate ergonomic edition. Baby Carrier One features four front and back carrying positions. Thick padding in the shoulder straps and good stability of the waist belt. The wide seat area is designed to give your child an ergonomic leg position.\n\n\u2022 Ergonomic 4-way front and back carrying. The baby carrier features three front positions and one back position: the newborn position, the facing-in and the front-facing position. You can also choose between normal and wide leg positions. From 12 months you can carry your toddler on your back.\n\n\u2022 Waist belt for great back and shoulder relief. The well-conceived ergonomic design offers high carrying comfort throughout the time it is used. The generously padded waist belt and the shaped, padded shoulder straps relieve your back and shoulders.\n\n\u2022 Perfect fit from newborn to 3 years. Adjustable head support for the baby\u2019s head and neck. The legs and hips are held in an ergonomically correct position that is recommended by paediatricians. It is soft and comfortable for your child, with a padded seat, non-chafing seams and adjustable width for the leg position. \n\nLearn more about BABYBJ\u00d6RN Baby Carrier One: https:\/\/www.babybjorn.com\/baby-carriers\/baby-carrier-one\/\n\n\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\u2013\nFor more video tutorials on how to use BABYBJ\u00d6RN products, see our playlist BABYBJ\u00d6RN Video Tutorials here: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/playlist?list=PLHBhWZtwR_ZhsplUpc5vCSdLzHAUFvKdu&playnext=1\n\nFind more BABYBJ\u00d6RN videos on the Official BABYBJ\u00d6RN YouTube Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/babybjorn1961 \n\nVisit us at: http:\/\/www.babybjorn.com",
    "videoid": "137390812",
    "date_created": "1515787709",
    "date_modified": "1516037536",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/how-to-roll-up-babybj\u00d6rn-baby-carrier-one-option-2-tutorial-mp4\/137390812"
}