{
    "title": "AJ800E - Sun Joe Dethatcher Joe 14-Inch 11-Amp Electric Dethatcher w\/AirBoost Technology - Live Demo",
    "description": "LET YOUR LAWN BREATHE WITH THIS TOP-SELLING DETHATCHER FROM SUN JOE. Garnering top reviews from lawn experts and garden enthusiasts alike, the Sun Joe\u00ae Dethatcher Joe AJ800E 14-inch electric dethatcher is your go-to tool to get your lawn in tip-top shape. Powered by a robust 11-amp motor, the Dethatcher Joe rakes an impressive 14-inch wide raking path. Enhancing its raking ability is an exclusive AirBoost technology system, which maximizes thatch pickup with 24 spring steel tines that stay sharp longer for reliable performance. Use the 5-position depth control knob to tailor this dethatcher's raking depth from -0.12 in. (3 mm below the soil) to 0.35 in. (9 mm above the soil), depending on your lawn's dethatching needs.\n \nThatch is a dense mat of roots, stems and grass clippings that accumulates on lawns over time, blocking the flow of water, oxygen and vital nutrients. It is important to periodically remove thatch in order to keep your lawn green and healthy. While ordinary manual rakes are tiresome to use and not very effective, the electric Dethatcher Joe starts instantly with the push of a button and easily gets the job done without polluting the atmosphere with toxic carbon emissions. No gas, oil or tune-ups make the Sun Joe\u00ae Dethatcher Joe your green choice for greening your lawn. ETL-approved. 2-year warranty.\n\n\u2022 Ideal for revitalizing small to mid-sized lawns\n\u2022 Powerful 11-amp motor rakes a 14\u201d wide path to get your job done faster\n\u2022 AirBoost technology \u2013 24 spring steel tines for maximum thatch pickup\n\u2022 Maintenance free \u2013 No gas, oil or tune-ups\n\u2022 Tailor raking depth with 5-position depth control\n\u2022 Detachable thatch collection bag for easy disposal\n\u2022 ETL approved; Full 2-year warranty",
    "videoid": "25995286",
    "date_created": "1453948358",
    "date_modified": "1491355860",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/aj800e-sun-joe-dethatcher-joe-14-inch-11-amp-electric-dethatcher-w-airboost-technology-live-demo\/25995286"
}