{
    "title": "ProHeat 2X\u00ae Revolution\u2122 Pet Pro Carpet Cleaner - Cleaning Dirty Tank for Storage",
    "description": "Just like you, we love our pets, but, eventually, every pet makes a mess. Whether it's tracked-in mud, food spills, or even accidents, the BISSELL\u00ae ProHeat 2X\u00ae Revolution\u2122 Pet Pro handles tough pet messes thanks to the exclusive Pet Pro clean-up system. The system includes CleanShot\u00ae pre-treater to remove spots and stains; the 2-in-1 Pet Upholstery Tool to remove pet hair, stains, and odors from upholstery; a trial size BISSELL\u00ae Professional Pet Urine Eliminator + Oxy; and an EZ Clean Brush Roll Cover to make maintenance of the machine easy. Plus Deep Clean Mode offers powerful cleaning to outclean the leading rental,* and carpets dry in about an hour with Express Clean Mode.** All of this cleaning power comes in a lightweight and maneuverable machine with a low-profile foot that gets under furniture. With the BISSELL\u00ae ProHeat 2X\u00ae Revolution Pet Pro, you have everything you need to take on tough pet messes.\n\n-CleanShot\u00ae Pretreater - Integrated pretreater for attacking spots   and stains.\n\n-2-in-1 Pet Upholstery Tool - Removes pet hair, stains and odors.\n\n-Professional Pet Urine Eliminator + Oxy Formula - Removes even the toughest pet stains and odors. Removes pet urine and even skunk odor!\n\n-EZ Clean Brush Roll Cover - Makes the cleanup after you clean quick and easy.\n\n-Outcleans the Leading Rental*\n\n-Adjustable Cleaning Mode - Dries in about an hour with Express Clean Mode** so you can get back to your floors.\n\n-Dual Dirtlifter\u00ae Power Brushes combined with Heatwave Technology\u00ae work to remove dirt and stains from your carpet.\n\n-Lightweight design and low profile foot make it easy to maneuver under and around furniture.\n\n-Includes 2-in-1 Pet Upholstery Tool, 3\" Tough Stain Tool, 8oz. Professional Pet Urine Eliminator + Oxy, 8oz. Pet Stain & Odor + Antibacterial.\n\n-25 Foot Power Cord.\n\n-8 Foot Hose.\n\n-5-year limited warranty.\n\n*Deep Clean Mode - Using BISSELL Professional Pet Urine Eliminator + Oxy Formula. Based upon measurements of color reflectance and brightness of carpet fibers compared to the leading rental with their best selling formula.\n\n**Express Clean Mode - Tested on new carpet with protectant. Results may vary.",
    "videoid": "87666349",
    "date_created": "1492191982",
    "date_modified": "1492192200",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/proheat-2x-revolution-pet-pro-carpet-cleaner-cleaning-dirty-tank-for-storage\/87666349"
}