{
    "title": "Clean your Grill using Nylon Bristle Brushes from Char-Broil",
    "description": "Next generation grill cleaning is here, with Char-Broil Advanced Cool-Clean Technology nylon grill brushes. These innovative brushes clean grill grates better than traditional metal bristle brushes by using abrasive-infused bristles, which provide more cleaning surface area to remove food debris and deposits. The attractive red nylon bristles break less often than metal bristles.\n\nCool-Clean Technology brushes are designed to perform on cool-to-touch surfaces, so using before you begin grilling or after the grill has cooled down is recommended.\n\nChar-Broil's Cool-Clean Technology is available in multiple options to suit individual needs. The basic nylon brush has an angled handle with scraper. The Standard and Premium brushes use angled bristles to help clean the critical areas between and under the grates. Both also feature removable heads to make them easier to clean, and can be put directly into the dishwasher. Replacement heads are available if needed, creating a longer lasting and cost efficient grilling accessory. The Premium brush also features an ergonomic handle design, making it easier to use in tough cleaning applications. All brushes also come with a scraper to clean even the toughest of areas.",
    "videoid": "7163829",
    "date_created": "1381874163",
    "date_modified": "1491522583",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/clean-your-grill-using-nylon-bristle-brushes-from-char-broil\/7163829"
}