{
    "title": "Say Goodbye to Kitchen Counter Stains | Mr. Clean\u00ae",
    "description": "When coffee, tea, juice, berries, red wine or other colorful foods leave kitchen counter stains, Mr. Clean has what it takes to counter those tough messes. Learn how to clean granite countertops and how to clean quartz countertops \u2013 as well as other laminate counter surfaces \u2013 as quickly as it takes Mr. Clean to style his hair. Mr. Clean\u2019s best counter cleaner is the Mr. Clean Magic Eraser Foaming Kitchen Scrubber made with the grease-fighting power of Dawn\u00ae. Whether you are cleaning granite or other counter surfaces remember, there\u2019s no clean like Mr. Clean.\n\nThis Mr. Clean tutorial video demonstrates Mr. Clean\u2019s best way to clean countertops easily using the Mr. Clean Magic Eraser.\n\nTest a small area with light pressure before use. Not recommended for the following surfaces: high gloss, polished, dark, brushed, satin, faux, bare\/polished wood, copper, stainless steel appliances, non-stick coating or vehicle body. Rinse required for surfaces in direct contact with food. Do not use with chlorine bleach or other household cleaners. Do not use on skin or other body parts. Using on skin will likely cause abrasions. Avoid contact with eyes. May cause eye irritation. Keep out of reach of toddlers and pets to avoid accidental ingestion.",
    "videoid": "85482433",
    "date_created": "1487894723",
    "date_modified": "1487895991",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/say-goodbye-to-kitchen-counter-stains-mr-clean\/85482433"
}